# ArGalaxy - NFT Migration to Arweave
We have enough discussions on why NFTs stored in IPFS are unsafe, but Arweave could tackle them with: 1) Permanence; 2) Decentralized unlike most "centralized" IPFS pinning services; and 3) No Recurring Fees. But the current situation is, the majority of popular NFT collections are still using IPFS for their storage. Why? After some analysis, OurGalaxyDAO, as a web3.0 promoter, presents the ArGalaxy. It is time for an awareness-raising campaign for NFT collectors to urge the NFT creators to migrate their NFTs to Arweave.

ArGalaxy provides a licensing service to help NFT creators to migrate their existing storage methods to Arweave, and lists the collections to ArGalaxy (Metaverse) Gallery as a verification milestone. It is expected that more people aware of the importance of storing NFTs on Arweave. We don't mind NFT creators migrating without using ArGalaxy later, since our mission to raise awareness has been achieved. But we do believe our business model could create a sustainable cash flow perpetually.

Our Service helps Creators to verify the Arweave files (Images/gif/mp4) are identical to the earlier files stored in IPFS or other storage. This is a critical step to ensure the NFT collectors are receiving identical NFTs even the BaseURI is changed. We would then work out for the Manifest Mapping to generate an "ArGalaxy verified BaseURI" (using ArGalaxy Arweave address) for the Creators. The NFT Creators could choose either 1) replacing the BaseURI of the original collections, or 2) opening a new collection with the ArGalaxy BaseURI. After all, as an incentive for NFT creators to use ArGalaxy, we will mint an ArGalaxy NFT (under ArGalaxy address) and list it on a Metaverse Gallery, for the public to inspect the collections verified with an ArGalaxy License. Other NFT Collections migrating without an ArGalaxy license could be prone to have changed the BaseURI but releasing a different NFT version to the original NFT version. 

# Why under OurGalaxy?
OurGalaxy is a dream place to create endless possibilities to promote Web3.0 We know it is hard to kick start a complete new community without sufficient capital, community support, technical knowledge...like what we are experiencing now, especially in a "Bear Market" phase. We hope one day we could gather enough Pioneers to help each other out. Whether you have an idea to create a Metaverse, or to create a NFT merchandise but do not know where to kick start; we hope OurGalaxy offers you the infrastructure support, the community support, and financial support, etc.

ArGalaxy is expected to be a cash-flow generation business that could further fund OurGalaxy Treasury, and the idea to attract many NFT creators and collections could ideally help promote OurGalaxyDAO. 

# We would make something big! If we receive the grant, voters of the snapshot proposal would receive 1% of the rewards we receive from Arweave.
https://snapshot.org/#/ourgalaxy.eth/proposal/0xeb9b560119cc7d3d739478e88fbeee5310b487102b571f95b1a859659bd6c364
